A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car, but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages.
What is old age? First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull it down.
What is old age? First you forget names, then you forget faces, then you forget to pull your zipper up, then you forget to pull it down.
He and I have a near-telepathic understanding of each other. No sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding.
Although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface, over half the world's wild plant, animal and insect species live there.
If you translate from your second language into your own native language, rather than the other way around, you're less likely to make mistakes.
I love trying out new things, so I always buy products as soon as they hit the store shelves. Of course, half the time I end up wishing I hadn't.
A good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation.
The more time you spend speaking a foreign language, the better you get at guessing what non-native speakers are trying to say in your own language.
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.
You may not learn to speak as well as a native speaker, but you should be able to speak well enough that native speakers will understand what you have to say.
And the good news is that today the economy is growing again. Wages, incomes, home values and retirement accounts are all rising again. Poverty is falling again.
E-cigarettes are being promoted as a healthy alternative to tobacco cigarettes, but health authorities are concerned about the long-term health effects on users.
It's still too hard to find a job. And even if you have a job, chances are you're having a tougher time paying the rising costs of everything from groceries to gas.
Even at the end of the nineteenth century, sailors in the British Navy were not permitted to use knives and forks because using them was considered a sign of weakness.
Five tremors in excess of magnitude 5.0 on the Richter scale have shaken Japan just this week, but scientists are warning that the largest expected aftershock has yet to hit.
No matter how much you try to convince people that chocolate is vanilla, it'll still be chocolate, even though you may manage to convince yourself and a few others that it's vanilla.
We need to uphold laws against discrimination — in hiring, and in housing, and in education, and in the criminal justice system. That is what our Constitution and highest ideals require.
A child who is a native speaker usually knows many things about his or her language that a non-native speaker who has been studying for years still does not know and perhaps will never know.